Add status codes from neo4j PR 28647 (#240)
neo4j/docs-status-codes: modules/ROOT/pages/errors/gql-errors.adoc

Status description:: error: system configuration or operation exception - unsupported operation of a sharded database. Feature: `{ $feat }` is not available in a sharded database.

=== 51N72

Status description:: error: system configuration or operation exception - memory pool out of memory. Failed to allocate memory in a memory pool. See `{ $cfgSetting }` in the neo4j configuration.

=== 51N73

> Status description:: error: system configuration or operation exception - transaction memory limit reached. The transaction used more memory than was allowed. The maximum allowed size for a transaction can be configured with `{ $cfgSetting }` in the neo4j configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Status description:: error: system configuration or operation exception - transaction memory limit reached. The transaction uses more memory than it is allowed. The maximum allowed size for a transaction can be configured with `{ $cfgSetting }` in the neo4j.conf file.
```

Reviewer: We try to use present tense whenever possible. I don't know if this message has already been merged in the monorepo.

=== 51N74

> Status description:: error: system configuration or operation exception -maximum number of transactions reached. Failed to start a new transaction. The limit of concurrent transactions is reached. Increase the number of concurrent transactions using `{ $cfgSetting }` in the neo4j configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Status description:: error: system configuration or operation exception - maximum number of transactions reached. Failed to start a new transaction. The limit of concurrent transactions is reached. Increase the number of concurrent transactions using `{ $cfgSetting }` in the neo4j.conf file.
```
